hey if you like watching a cheap a
hundred make content you should watch us
make it live from 1:00 to 5:00 p.m. on
Monday Wednesday and Friday that's
Central Time one to five roosterteeth
calm Artie TV it's free for anyone to
watch right now and you can sign up and
chat with us because that's where we
hang out so check it out roosterteeth
calm Monday Wednesday Friday 105 central
we love you this is G man I can't throw
my and we're we're modern good there
were all kinds of rules I'm not sure
what Jeremy normally turns on oh yeah so
Jeremy's like three round grenades and I
don't even think I did on something fun
what is that you can toggle an option to
have post round
alive at the end you can kill each other
that's why the random Matt's turned off
oh it's turned off oh it's gone oh oh
there is time to learn something get a
match Oh My Jesus I'm watching Matt
shoot about a girl with gun Matt come
here up this door it did work oh I'm
trying to pump bullets into him I'm okay
hi Ryan move up shoot [__] he's a
coming alien dude alien took two Golden
Eagle shots how so he's not a traitor
yeah he's super innocent I'm gonna try
and burn it hi hey it's going for the
details about it he's getting all rides
behind you
I didn't do the doors I don't know hi
use your trader Paulo
alright a photo are you bad person oh no
I'm not bad
are you sure yeah oh sure
with the e-book my probably get in the
bogs - these books opened yes sweet oh
I'm not getting in with you though why
not cuz you oh my god he wants to come
into the room come this way that's the
wrong way no I'm in a safe place
I led you to safety I'm dead over here
hey come here jump in the vid I don't
know where the Venice oh here he's not
following your good died he died he was
our detective he died pretty honest I am
however more confident yeah you kill me
Michael you'll be smoked in oh yeah oh
god I can see that here I try to take it
out where is he I'm gonna shoot you
oh he's running at me Mylene I will [__]
it you know maybe Gavin not bad then cuz
Gavin being attacked by alien doesn't
mean anything Gavin was hiding in the
bathroom with me but well I had to get
my side to get myself together strike
vicious I was i suspicious because you
were in the bathroom and you didn't even
get it you were in the bathroom
yeah I was at first oh so Alfredo bad no
I'm not bad it's a pretty bad I don't
know if you're bad in this round brady
duty down put me down and then i'll
smoke and then Gavin what do i do that
nothing what did you that Gavin Gavin
why'd you do that Gavin is Fiona dead
for his dance
get out on Gavin Gavin dead okay Gavin
oh you literally died I don't know what
the bleep wait so it's just me alfredo
and Mike I haven't seen wait my Karma
it's gonna go bad if you shoot me so
it's you or Michael as best Michael I'll
put that Michael okay you go put down
Michael
where's mom at me bro I don't know where
you are
Oh Oh God is the monster he was the
corpse of the monster just like fluo
through a door at me Michael there he is
he's on the other side near the one of
the rooms that the the monster could
come out of oh oh by me Oh
shoot him shoot him you know I'm good
now go go go go go go he's not peeking
he's waiting well yeah just as I am for
him and now the hunt begin that I have
radar oh oh [__] pull you over there oh
no I'm not oh there is he's in the
hydroponics Bay you're high you know
what the hell that means but I'm on my
way
room oh there's a sentry I blew it up he
left I left he was through the door to
your left
deke
I put like nine
I shot Trevor Matt and Fiona in the face
so I was trying to wait you I thought
the alien II know I shot you while you
were fighting it I shut you right in the
head
I don't think I'd have game audio i
honestly didn't like think well cuz i
died immediately in the first round it's
thinking about it you're unprofessional
got it Matt needs help fix my Matt
picture audio this is why we're doomed
[Music]
oh my god blowing it up watch out okay
danger that's cool where's my Lopo
founder why are you always T posing what
you're always sticking your arms I can't
stick my arms out how do you do it oh
you didn't give the mercenary very much
oh my god much money whoa
doing it here I don't you sound you're
like bad you're not going full t though
I'm not going full to you how does like
a half side down V back my gun you're
following me yeah and I'm the mercenary
and you're bad I don't know that you're
the mercenary I know that you gave me
one buying credit and I hate it you
can't come in that mercenary always has
Winona Jeremy gives us more Jerry the
worst of generous God no he doesn't give
the mercenary more I get armored i
teleport that's the mercenary always has
the one that's always there's Ryan
there's right no no there's a fire right
there Ryan I will test you yeah testing
with the goat okay Ryan cave holy [__]
Ryan shot her I didn't want to be
definitely get that gun
he's over here who is the detective Dan
get up now then yes please detect I
really hope he was guilty just because I
really what hundred percent no question
yeah he was a vet oh [__] no you shot me
shot all right that was me I watched was
it Michael cuz you
just showed up no it definitely was him
Oh opening fire on me now would you
Ryan's buddy did you kill him I killed
him
well did you throw suspicion off
yourself no Michael stop it
can you stop moving I can't she trying
not to be suspect okay
Michael if I die it's Michael Michael
Jerry telling me okay it's yes okay
let's shoot Freddy why because you shot
me is you know who's I looking at let me
get the door for you all symp up oh yes
we can't simply rone sex
Oh I'm Seri you're you know I don't say
thank you that's right [__] yeah there
you go I taught a dog I want to get I
just want you I don't want it oh no that
was my favorite Oh what he died from
from like a rumor cross I hit the church
better not be a traitor and he better
not be a killer
there is straight ahead straight ahead
left behind you wow you're a full blind
fool I'll tell you right now Michael's
gonna kill you
yes I am Michael do it now since moment
now's the moment yes I'll do it doesn't
expected to announce he's just been a
goofer goof iranica goof boom
scared oh my god oh it's kicking off
he's very hurt and I'm almost out of
ammo well I have to reload
he's got a poop how much damage or help
oh that would be why that's why you
weren't doing anything and I heard the
door I was like oh is that this room do
you want to go recreate that tick-tock a
mirror the mirror my khushu bow I need
gun now Matt are you fixed I'm fixed
okay I can hear I'm blowing up some
barrels watch out watch it
Ryan's near I'm not near you guys hey
now the editors are gonna have to do a
lot of cutting I'm just afraid of
stepping on that oh my god Matt just go
off right next to me I don't know I have
no idea who did that I haven't dude I
was with Fiona okay
checks it Ryan I was by my think don't
you kill barrels okay don't I think you
killed Matt not what I want if anything
give it to me killed Matt okay Gavin
right I'm doing it thank you you wasted
it the killer and why is it I'm gonna
knock this down it was Matt bad no I
don't hate Fiona can you go in his room
the trader oh yeah me detective only
yeah can i critter straighter freighter
straighter no take this Ryan I killed
someone I just saw Ryan shoot whoever
just died what are you talking about I
mean I see you had a gun and you fired
it and then died series of it I watched
it happen through a scope Fredo's behind
please rides out there please Fiona
they were both let's take him out my god
so who shot Matt I went to killed you
with the tic-tock I've been too obvious
I was about to talk to you Gavin is my
body please don't make me purple I don't
think I even saw or heard it I just felt
an absence when I really die I'd be
bloody sad if you died holy crapola
crapples oh my good golly gosh why'd you
do that
I'll be honest I can't believe it I
turned around he was Michael shot up
your toe get away
Oh Trevor Trevor is killing me well I
just hurt you okay you can kill me on
the phantom you're gonna be smoky gonna
be outed Matt oh don't do that to me I'm
innocent I saw you shooting I'm gonna
weaken you then put the hurt on me
alright alright understand check him oh
yeah of you my quarter okay that's fair
Trevor can I do it guy he laughs get him
down guns on the floor it's down there
okay he was the assassin is this fair
you should have known that Matt cuz
you're the other traitor
no I shot him in the face nobody shot me
- yeah because you were shooting at
someone in the room defending your more
also dead over here what the hell is
that little man I thought I thought I
saw a little laser he's a small man I
got rid of my I don't have my good gun
where is he boy where's the tiny'mons
smaller than could ever be believed
I just saw your there he goes he's even
smaller Oh God ronk lets you see him I
saw I'm a little tiny man do you run
back that way
whoa are you sure to me notice he's
gonna slide between the atoms oh my god
ant-man he's trying to die was doing
true or just bashing that I can't
believe I killed Fredo
dude I was I was getting just giggling
cuz I I switched over to you yes okay I
I don't know afraid Oh took a shot in
here why he didn't kill me
alright but I shot Fionna turned around
and Fredo was looking I have no reason
Freddie I shot a barrel kill Trevor
because he used me accusing him to open
fire on me who the know who the [__] do
we have a detective he's always he's
always bad nothing to do with it do you
know what's right in your heart you're
purple again aren't you my gullible man
I cannot say but kill him
don't you pull that trigger unless you a
most I call put you down do it
good now you see if you see my could put
him down
Michael purple Alfredo when you and I
were traders and Michael was purple you
were encouraging Trevor to kill Michael
which would have ended the game for us I
mean he shot true true like Fredo fine
out shot me yeah I'll put a bullet in
him I don't trust them Jesus what it's
Orion's bed I'm good dad
well I assumed you were bad cuz you must
have followed me here with a radar I
went through a hole and was shooting my
head so it's Ryan no my brain says yes
Michael shot me and it did damage so he
bad well cuz you shot me in the brain
well Alfredo are you good or bad me yes
I am good that's the way he says it when
he's bad that's true I mean I don't know
what to make a lie I could be good it
could be bad
Fredo doesn't even know what he is I
don't I know a bit boys between the
lines so much which of you is bad why
aren't you killing each other I haven't
seen them yet you're killing me you're
still in here oh because I'm afraid
you shot me and I'm in a corner you're
literally blocking the only exit I can
really that didn't shoot out oh my god
hi Ryan
you shot both Michael and I and then
blamed us for shooting I know no yours
no I didn't here's what happened Michael
shot Ryan and Ryan thought Trevor shot
[Music]
how did you know I was the glitch normas
day because I watched Alfredo [__]
assassinate someone right in front of me
I went well he's he's bad all in he saw
me boom he wasted Fiona in joke
questions let me play
oh I was gonna Bly yeah I heard Fiona
puncher - oh my god I thought I killed
Fiona because I shot our hands up I'll
be honest I didn't even know there was a
glitch until I saw you with the golden
know you were my partner I walked out of
the room Bogg squad let's have a party
only one person walking out ally was a
golden gun in there there's two men I
would like the golden gun it's gonna
have to figure that
[Applause]
no I show me that he didn't fire bags I
suck so fast
I saw Fiona and Gavin in a star site for
the gold and going through it in the
store clothes you explode I'm innocent
i theory buy the barrels take their
wieners out okay oh I saw it rolled and
grunt drying and I told her wait Matt
was behind us did you shoot no I did not
I watched your explode from the fire I
don't know Wow you could be bluffing hey
guys I didn't shoot me I was messing
around Ryan's gonna swap guns and kill
me Freddy come on cuz you but nyla I'm
not back the eff up bro I like to back
up cuz I'll shoot you if you know that's
fair the bathroom yeah go ahead what are
you holding a grenade no it's a pistol
I'm holy I don't think you don't shoot
Trevor I don't think I've had the stones
pal don't do it I don't know how to read
this plastic I don't know how to read
this as soon as you pulled the trigger
I'm blasting Michael why because you
made it happen
Oh what would that do well I think holy
[__] you did it yeah Ryan killed Trevor
and he's definitely bad alright well
Ryan took put the golden gun away and
sniped him so that's not what happened
at all that's fair okay
Brad's bad who's eating someone's eating
Kevin was going
so does the Golden Gun work for the
killer for no cuz then Ryan's the killer
if Gavin was the vampire I'll do it and
Ryan killed him I'm good he's lying to
you oh I don't know what you are but if
you're not with Ryan you're on my team
okay are you jumping honourable I'm just
innocent dude you stupid purple guy no
I'm not purple
Ryan he's bad I told you that he
brazenly put the golden gun away because
he would die if he used it stop it Wow I
would I'll be honest my reaction time
was slow I'll tell you what we're gonna
have to rage I need a teammate like
every time I reach time tell me what you
know so you can shoot traitors with the
Golden Gun and you're fine and it goes
interesting as the killer I stopped
doing that [__] who'd you kill right in
front of me with the sniper that was
trip why did you do that it was weird it
was very weird call I just well I
watched you do that I'm sure I don't
know shocked Wow
Fredo shot me Fredo shot I'm gonna be
honest that saved your life too cuz I
was like maybe he's a purple thing dude
I just literally I was dumbfounded
I just went did Fredo shoot somebody I
saw Michael Jersey was stalking
[Music]
I got bad news
Oh Oh get out get out we in here that's
the detectives body his head is
minimized what happened so I I was
struggling to put down a barnacle for
ages
I suddenly managed to put it down
immediately it ate me and Fiona was in
the room with me and then she saved me
but I so didn't want to kill Fiona
because she's bad
we played I just like God dude
oh wait wait hang on nothing Fredo is
shooting those barrels again man what a
blow detectives only ah Fredo
blows up what are you doing gonna die
out here you're gonna die yeah can you
open this
what are you doing Fredo what do you
mean why are you acting so sucks I'm not
sighs don't worry about it I'll guard
you from Ryan back off no I'd run up his
ride I heard and in my head it didn't
make I'm just protecting you want this
okay oh [__] what noise they've grabbed
Ryan
Alfredo's got it praise God
actually fine cuz he's probably bad
golden beet in the wild there's a sentry
thing that's gonna make your balls if
you didn't want it Oh God oh wow
what was that what the hell was that
what you popping fritters broad [__] is
adjusting I don't know don't know don't
know that that's wait did that hurt yeah
that hurt that hurt
I heard Fiona did you get hurt yeah
Fredo suggest my gun so frado's adjust
the fire I'm so concerning right and it
didn't hurt no it's bad he's name is
purple how did you save me from the
barnacle I say no Fiona do oh I took
eight minutes to take out a pistol and
if you'd have saved you by the tank was
that a shotgun
I see Fredo Fredo purple who's got light
on I got a light light help it was me
okay okay what about what was happening
to me I threw it incendiary and I was
worried that you'd run into it you read
right into it I think it might be Gavin
I'm the detective series have you got
all right it's right in that all right
that's been deked oh I don't like that
man is blasted Gaby still alive now I
got barnacles I'm here don't kill me
yeah yeah well he could be a killer
we don't know oh and also like so Ryan
did eat him some killer I don't want to
go no it was not my money I don't want
to kill anymore
put him down I will
you got to get on my way stinky who's
thinking purple equal sting I know that
I can't the power like a dirty yeah I
did do that
whoa I hope he's not hiding in another
tunnel I'm around I don't actually know
idle burners lurking around and running
around well not anymore I'm running
around I'm looking for a murderer Ryan I
am NOT a murderer
he also is gonna hear that voice oh god
he's here by the tree I'm sorry I put
barnacles over the detective door was
genius yeah
also don't hit the power again because
it's too dark on this berry it's like
dog absolute dog if I like have a hunch
I'll I don't want to shoot unless it's
you this is where you killed me many
times before
Michael's gonna do it Michael's go do it
grab Michael does it behind you last I
show you with this thing it's called a
TMP prototype oh can I have some
Tomatoes right here he's in the he's
outside the detective room did shoot me
I don't know what to make any of that
freeze fool who do I use this aren't do
tell me who all right Kratos throwing
stuff free Oh through something do I
offer
no disappear no chest Jessica might be
is he ingest what what are you FINA are
your detective all right
yeah we have you have to picked up guns
oh do we well she threw you the TMP and
you didn't pick it up felt like it
should be done I'll be honest like I
never saw we income every time I'm
gesturing this last round wait who's
tray is games did I do hearts Raider is
forever in somebody going down no don't
down fine I won't get connected if
Trevor shot I'm not going to go right
actually you'll pop off convinced me
[Music]
what's the pit you're in a bit Trevor if
you give it to me I'll shoot Ryan with
it okay lastly Fredo is definitely
innocent because I was black I was no I
would have shot man yeah you would have
killed me right away I was worried you
kill me why'd you come in Amy at those
guys but not Gavin hmm I don't know
anything about that I'm Matt who just
stepped out that way Matt oh my god they
popped off in there anyway we're in here
that's afraid of moon likes to close the
doors oh do i do I lose my door again
I think he's good he would have killed
me all right that's why that's fire
that's fire
goddamn it Kevin I don't know if you did
that on purpose
Wow Wow yeah Michael bad for everyone my
body discombobulated err that'll rock it
around I had to call it out cuz I'm just
standing right next door looking at her
I knew it was you Fiona you suspicious
little red blob we make the run fast
enough we could do another one I don't
know Michael Frater I'll rage with you
was that sound great event oh oh
Abbot Shung Ruiz I did you shoot me you
shot at me but you're you're doing like
no don't kill him he's probably the did
anyone kill Fredo yes what is happening
not talking
[Music]
a lot of big bangs happening out there a
lot of lot of faith I had to put down
the Ranger a lot of boomsound I wasn't
confident her being bad so I shot her
with a regular gun though
I'm asked Dead's oh okay well then why
are you shooting that doesn't mean
anything though yeah it didn't
oh hi Rob it frado's alive alive
yeah stop it yeah are you a traitor me
yeah no huh maybe these fools
where are you fools Wendy's fool is that
who's slurping on to my slurping Trevor
well I I killed off right oh you killed
him yeah where are you okay are you are
you normal good what would be your
alignment if you had to give yourself
one medium medium so you medium-rare are
you I just want to know if I shoot you
with his golden gun smile a mild sauce I
don't know what that mean I'm getting
health and then I'll be coming promptly
get radar too because I don't know
whether Christ you I've got one yeah no
I don't worry all right I'm really
struggling I'm on the move constantly
I'm not going near you ever there you
like the room next to but you tried some
would say you tried too hard if you
didn't try it we'd be done by now
you were like let's end it and then that
angered Gavin so no I don't want to be
Detective it's which is the room
whoa there's a room in the wall I shot
out of panel Fredo
just took a snipe did anybody die no
it's so hard to tell with him this way
Hey
Matt's alive stop that haven't you live
up with that Gavin yes okay I don't like
one shot all around me it's that bang is
that bang it's a ring oh no that's a
dead alfredo and it did Oh what do I
make of this I just walked up to the
health that's what it was Michaels
making noises like a bad person Matt's
very nearly dead you were at the hill
station oh you're bad Matt you're a
killer how did you survive the explosion
I just was far enough away from it I
wasn't right by it I was born to it dead
Oh Fionna kill oh no you're all bad
I hear you healing you're bad
who is this it's about it stop
that was bad oh no no what have used bad
- Michael I don't want it to be you it's
not me me Fiona when I saw you out there
was like oh that's us as hell and I
aimed and literally as I clicked and
would have killed you you shot and I
died he said you want to join in our
secret put down an explosive health
station but I tried to suck on it and
couldn't and then fraidy swab it didn't
hurt me but it I was very confused my
screen exploded and I just like what
happened boom
I did yeah I assumed we were done yeah I
was gonna kill Michael right away oh my
change wasn't that just a smashing gmod
if you liked it be sure to let us know
in the comments below and if you want to
see the next one
gmod is now on a 7 day window for first
members over at roosterteeth calm you
can click right here to check it out
yeah there you go just it a little
button just click on that and if you
want to stay on YouTube there's some
other videos right here check those out